# Goal: Design a Frontend Annotation Tool

In this challenge, candidates are expected to design a frontend application to:
   - Fetch images from the backend.
   - Enable users to draw bounding boxes to mark, annotate, or label objects for training a machine learning model.
   - In this mock scenario, objects are geometric **shapes (Square or Circle)** in various **colors (Red, Blue, Green, or Black)**.
   - Provide an intuitive and efficient user interface to assign labels for Color and Shape categories to each bounding box quickly.
   - Send the annotations to `POST /submit-bbox`. Refer to swagger docs for schema.

You are welcome to use any library to implement this functionality. An exaple of such library that can be used is here [Annotorious React](https://annotorious.dev/react/custom-popups/) for bounding box creation and labeling.

For any clarifications, please reach out to n.prakash@jaipurrobotics.com

## FastAPI backend to serve mock images

This repository provides a **FastAPI backend** to serve mock images with randomly generated objects. Each image can contain up to 3 objects, with two label categories: **Color** and **Shape**. The goal is to annotate these images by drawing bounding boxes and assigning labels for each object.

### Features
**FastAPI Backend**: Serves mock images via the endpoint `GET /get-mock-image`.
   - Images will contain 1 to 3 objects.
   - Each object will be generated by taking one from the following available categories:
     - **Color**: Red, Blue, Green, or Black.
     - **Shape**: Square, or Circle.
   - Each response includes a unique image ID in the headers.

   - **Access Swagger Documentation:** Open your browser and navigate to: [https://demo-omega-lovat.vercel.app/docs](https://frontend-challenge-tau-ruddy.vercel.app/docs)






# Backend Setup [For Local Install] 

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nprksh/frontend-challenge.git
   cd frontend-challenge
   ```

2. **Create and Activate a Virtual Environment**
   ```bash
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Run the Backend**
   ```bash
   uvicorn main:app --reload
   ```

5. **Access Swagger Documentation**
   - Open your browser and navigate to: `http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs`






